Hi Graciela,
  It would be an absolute delight to team up with you and Annie.  I think we can create a much better product if we pull our mental resources together. 

I can't say we are too advanced. But I would say that we are well positioned.  We set of on this quest, wave-inclusion, as we dubbed it last fall. We started with creating the tools with which we could express the concepts to be examined. Last October, Cassandra and myself gave a presentation during  a COAG colloquium that visually explored what happens to longitudinal trajectories (and linear models thereof) under conditions of accreting waves.  I'm attaching that presentation. In it we introduced two kinds of informational displays: kb_profiles and kb_fans.  

Kb_profiles (https://goo.gl/photos/yRLCNLmwJcmGGKrj8 or https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/tree/master/reports/kb_profiles/figure_rmd ) show what happens to the values of the intercept and slope as we increase the number of waves (y-dimension) over which a bivariate linear model fits. Each graph examines a unique pair of outcomes estimated over all possible(reasonable) number of waves. 

Kb_fans (https://goo.gl/photos/vYX4k8K4bb3nUTmf6 or see  https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/tree/master/reports/kb_fans_waves/grip_numbercomp  for a better labelling) focuses on a given pair of outcomes (as in this case grip and numbercomp) and graphs (1) the smooths of the observed trajectories (2) trajectories reconstructed from the estimated fixed effect and (3) trajectories reconstructed from the factor scores reported by MPlus. These three form the columns. The rows in the kb_fans displays is the two time metrics: time (top)  and age (bottom).  They are animated, each frame showing a graph for a time point in a life of a longitudinal studies. So the animation has an interesting interpretation: Imaging that you start fitting a bivariate linear model on grip and number comparison when this study had only 4 waves. With each consecutive year you refit your models with the new waved added to the dataset. So you proceed until the end of the study. The animation shows how your model will be changing with the life of the study. 

Please see the attached presentation for a detailed description of the informational displays.  Let me know if I can offer any elaborations; I'd be glad to chat about them if that helps. 

We also kept a log (https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3ALOG ) of the meeting on this project. It might give you some ideas about the issues we are currently talking about. 

In short, we would like to use these informational displays to examine particular variation in temporal designs of longitudinal studies. To prepare the conditions we recently set off to carefully study the paper by Rast and Hofer (2014) (see our evolving bibliography (https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/blob/master/research-literature.md) for the full citation). 

As we read we realize how this displays can be adjusted and enhanced to better serve the exploration agenda. For example, we would like to add the measure of Growth Curve Reliability and Growth Rate Reliability to the display to compare the empirical results with the results from the paper and get a better feel for the behavior these statistics. So again we read for ideas. A discussion of anything related would be most instrumental in developing our understanding of this project and where it might lead and how it can be packaged. 
