Progress report

## TECH SUPPORT

#### A. [ialsa-2015-portland](https://github.com/IALSA/IALSA-2015-Portland)   
 0. nothing to report  

#### B. [ialsa-2015-portland-stencil](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-2015-portland-stencil)   
 1. progress. advanced [syntax-creator](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-2015-portland-stencil/issues/16). formally done, but requires further debugging. 
 2. next steps. meeting with W.Beasley on Tue, Feb, 16. Need to advance `syntax-creator` scripts so that we can move on to test the parser (extracting model solution from the output)
 

#### C. [ialsa-study-curator](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-study-curator)   
 1. progress. HRS : debugged C.Brown's code during the online meeting. 
 2. progress. MAP : re-written [MAP flow description](https://github.com/IALSA/MAP/blob/master/flow-description.md). So far, this is a template for all subsequent documentations of study data grooming protocol.  
 3. progress. LASA: R.Graham and R.Vendittellii are supposed to contact me about the next meeting regarding  study curatorship.   
 4. next steps. announce office hours for curator sessions. Mondays 2 - 5 pm. 
 

## SCIENCE   
 
#### A. [ialsa-car-methods](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-car-methods)    
 1. progress. Recent meeting with W.Beasley helped clarify the data flow, although the language of expressing these concepts remains murky.  I'm sketching the diagrams, but don't see anything I like yet.  
 2. next steps. Must produce a sketch of the work flow.
 
 
#### B. [wave-inclusion](https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion)     
 1. progress. Met with C.Brown and shared the first impressions from [rast-hofer-2014](https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/tree/master/literature/rast-hofer-2014).    
 2. next steps. C.Brown and myself need to spend some time reading. I've skim-read [rast-hofer-2014](https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/tree/master/literature/rast-hofer-2014) paper and see how it should be the place for the departure of the wave-inclusion project. However, a much closer examination of the paper is required before I can pick up the conversation where Rast and Hofer take off. Meeting scheduled with C.Brown for Feb, 16.  
 
 
#### C. [portland-physical-cognitive](https://github.com/IALSA/Portland-physical-cognitive)  
 1. progress. Received feedback from A. Piccinin (see [issue #4](https://github.com/IALSA/Portland-physical-cognitive/issues/4)). 
 2. next steps. Evaluate and implement decisions suggested by A.Piccinin in issue #4
 3. notes . Domain-map is a great asset to the suite of information displays necessary to make decisions about shaping the specific questions of the study. (e.g. what studies contribute what outcomes). I don't agree with the statement that it is meaningless work because the REDCap is going to take care of it. REDCap can only assemble the information in the pattern that we want. The decision what outcome should be classified under what construct will be unavoidably human.   


## VIHA    

#### A. [viha-de-id](https://github.com/IHACRU/viha-de-id)    

#### B. [viha-programs](https://github.com/IHACRU/VIHA-programs)    

#### C. [viha-3t-mhsu](https://github.com/IHACRU/viha-3t-mhsu)    
