[add entry](https://github.com/andkov/about/edit/master/2016/feb/README.md)

Feb 16, Tuesday
- had a productive meeting with W.Beasley and M.Shahid. see [log](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-2015-portland-stencil/issues/21). Next meeting scheduled for Friday, Feb 26th.  
- meeting with C.Brown on wave-inclusion and ialsa-study-curator MAP projects. see [log](https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/issues/12).  completely replicated MAP data creation. established import pipeline from MAP to wave-inclusion. Next two meeting are scheduled for Tuesday, Feb 22. 
- A.Piccinin suggested the following priorities:
```
1)	ialsa-car-methods – writing paper
2)	ialsa-study-curator – setting up system student can follow/build on
3)	create a dynamic table for retrieving model estimates from output files. (if I understand correctly what this is)
```


Feb 15, Monday
 - 1. submitted [weekly update](https://github.com/andkov/about/blob/master/2016/feb/2016-02-15-simple-report.md)  
 - 2. Went through folder structure of MAP and LASA to see the similarities. From these two instances I have abstracted a [template](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-study-curator/tree/new-study-template) for adding new longitudinal studies to the curatorship project.  
 - 3. Shaped up [HRS](https://github.com/IALSA/HRS) for Study curator. Clean .gitignore. Next step: going over the reproduction scripts, documenting them, and creating a `reproduce.R` script.

Feb 12, Friday
- met with K.Moselle and talked about [templ-etal-2015](http://www.jstatsoft.org/article/view/v067i04/v67i04.pdf) paper. [log](https://github.com/IHACRU/viha-de-id/issues/7)

Feb 11, Thursday
- advanced [syntax-creator](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-2015-portland-stencil/issues/16). Couldn't finish debugging, so it doens't perform yet. 
- met with W.Beasley and M.Shahid, discussing the architecture of the code that we need compose. Data flows are becoming clearer now, although the language of expressing these concepts and ideas remain murky. 

Feb 10, Wednesday
 - met with K.Moselle about data-deidentification project. [log](https://github.com/IHACRU/viha-de-id/issues/6)

Feb 9, Tuesday
* W.Beasley had to move the meeting on [ialsa-2015-portland]() to Tursday
* IALSA reading: see [wave-inclusion/research-literature.md](https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/blob/master/research-literature.md)  
* VIHA reading : see [resources for de-id](https://github.com/IHACRU/viha-de-id/issues/2)  
* edited [MAP flow description](https://github.com/IALSA/MAP/blob/master/flow-description.md), getting closer to Study Curator  
* met with C.Brown to discuss readings in the wave-inclusion study [log](https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/issues/11), specifically [rast-hofer-2014](https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion/tree/master/literature/rast-hofer-2014) paper.  
* helped C.Brown with grooming HRS. [log](https://github.com/IALSA/HRS/issues/3), getting closer to Study Curator
  

Feb 8, Monday  
* week's [task que](https://github.com/andkov/about/blob/master/2016/feb/2016-02-15-progress-report.md) for IALSA.  
* spent the day working on [syntax-creator](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-2015-portland-stencil/issues/16). I'm using MAP data so that these efforts are meaningful in the context of [study curator](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-study-curator) and [wave inclusion](https://github.com/IALSA/wave-inclusion) projects.   

Feb 5, Friday
- met minor advances in [viha-program](https://github.com/IHACRU/viha-programs/tree/master/reports/04-how-old-relatesto-new).  
- talked to Norm Sillito from VIHA. We were trying to connect to the 3T server. Found out that I need locad admin privileges on the virtual machine of 3T (KVHIHCRNMTH01). Also tried to connect to the Data Warehouse server (KVHBIDWSQL03\P12012) through Access on my Citrix connector. Were unsuccessful, but N.Sillito later claimed the problem was found. 
- met with K.Moselle, focusing on  [viha-de-id](https://github.com/IHACRU/viha-de-id) project. [log](https://github.com/IHACRU/viha-de-id/issues/5). First we tried to replicate some example from the [SDC guidelines](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/sdcMicro/vignettes/sdc_guidelines.pdf), but were unsuccessful.  In the quest to find an example of using `sdcMicro`, found a [paper](http://www.tdp.cat/issues/tdp.a004a08.pdf) by Matthias Templ (2008).   

Feb 4, Thursday

- had a good go at [LASA](https://github.com/IALSA/LASA) prep for Study Curatorship. In preparation to the meeting with R.Graham. [log](https://github.com/IALSA/LASA/issues/5). She considers a project involving LASA study (and two others) looking at how bloodpressure, diabetes, and physical activity relates to cognitive decline.   
- had a very productive meeting with W.Beasley and M.Shahid. [log](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-2015-portland-stencil/issues/15). Very excited to start testing and extending the IalsaSynthesis package.
- met with R.Graham. Set her up with LASA data. Her homework is to go through the [two scripts](https://github.com/IALSA/LASA/tree/master/scripts/users/r-graham) and advance in understanding what files should go into composition of the analysis-ready dataset  
- attended a grad student panel organized by COAG. Feedback included calls for more opportunities for training  (grants, analysis), participant recrutement, and local networking. VIHA has much to offer to this dialogue. 

Feb 3, Wednesday  
- spend most of the day grooming MAP for [Study Curator](https://github.com/IALSA/ialsa-study-curator). See [log](https://github.com/IALSA/MAP/issues/16) of the activities.    
-  met briefly with C.Brown. We didn't have much time, so I only briefly described my progress and assigned some homework for next time. See [log](https://github.com/IALSA/MAP/issues/16)

Feb 2, Tuesday   
- attended COAG colloquium talk by by [Deniz Erten-Lyons](http://www.ohsu.edu/xd/research/centers-institutes/neurology/alzheimers/faculty-staff/erten-lyons.cfm) <img src="http://www.ohsu.edu/xd/research/centers-institutes/neurology/alzheimers/faculty-staff/images/Erten-Lyons-Headshot.jpg" width="100px">, who spoke about Oregon Brain Aging Study (OBAS). [Notes](https://github.com/andkov/about/blob/master/2016/feb/2016-02-02.md).  
- attended job talk by [Phil Chalmers](https://github.com/philchalmers) who spoke on "Application in the IRT"  

[Feb 1, Monday]()
- spent most of the day writing a [progress report](https://github.com/andkov/about/blob/master/2016/feb/2016-02-01-progress-report.md) and the email accompanying it
- attended teaching job talk of [Phil Chalmers](https://github.com/philchalmers) <img src="http://www.isryorku.ca/wp-content/uploads/bfi_thumb/Phil-Chalmers-mh7j5i1akqmhwb7zvbr0p4fpy042zleh6kcfu70bm8.png" alt="Phil Chalmers" width="100">, who spoke on the "Introduction to the IRT". 






